Assignment 1 (#2)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/techjobs-console/_index.md

---
title: "Assignment 1: Tech Jobs Console"
date: 2023-01-03T10:42:56-06:00
draft: false
weight: 2

> originalAuthor: Sally Steuterman # to be set by page creator
> originalAuthorGitHub: gildedgardenia # to be set by page creator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
originalAuthor: John Woolbright # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: jwoolbright23 # to be set by page creator
```

reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: # update any time edits are made after review

> lastMod: # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE

Reviewer: If Sally created the page - please update lines 10 -12 accordingly

2. Use core Java syntax (methods, variables, loops, conditionals).
3. Utilize `ArrayList` and `HashMap` collection types.
4. Work with console I/O via the `Scanner` class.
5. Work with data types and arrays.

## TechJobs (Console Edition)

The app you must help design is a simple console (i.e. command-line) prototype
of the new TechJobs app. It will allow LaunchCode staff to browse and search
listings of open jobs by employer partners.

The prototype process gives everybody a chance to work out some initial ideas
without investing a ton of time into developing a finished product. Once
everybody likes the prototype, the Tech Team will begin work toward a
full-fledged application.

## Your Assignment

Blake created a console application and started to fill in some features. His
code allows users to search job listings by one of several fields. It can also
display lists of all of the values of a given field in the system (e.g. all
employers, or all locations).

Blake has now handed the task off to you. You must add a couple of features and
then get feedback from the Company Team.

After you work through the tasks Blake has laid out for you, tackle one

> or more of the [bonus missions](#tech-jobs-console-bonus-missions).

Reviewer: Please update link.

Reviewer: Link still doesn't work -> notice that you are using a different syntax for internal book links than Courtney and Sally.  See: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-dev-curriculum/main/content/assignments/tech-jobs-oo/_index.md

## Getting Started

> In Canvas, **Graded Assignment #1: TechJobs Console** contains a GitHub Classroom assignment invitation link and then set up the project in IntelliJ. Refer back to the GitHub Classroom instructions from [assignment0](assignment0.md) for details. 

Reviewer: Please update link

Reviewer: Not sure if this link will be an issue once merged into main, as it seems to be hard coded instead of using relref, see above comment on bonus mission link and example.
